Once you have your reader on your page,
you need to connect with them,
and remind them why they care about the information you're providing.
You have approximately two sentences and
your first image to captivate your reader enough to stay.
A useful tactic is giving a personal story about yourself,
that is also relatable to them.
Or asking questions you have a feeling your audiences also ask themselves.
Another method is to tie in
current events that are at the top of your audience member's minds.
Creating content that is relevant to your audience,
is key to keeping them on your page.
Your content throughout the page should be broken
up into approximately three lines per idea,
with no more than five lines per idea.
Staring at large amounts of texts clumped together without visuals and whitespace,
is exhausting for a reader.
Keep your sentences short and concise,
and your ideas crisp and clear.